MLB Sports MoodSPA notes.
Donald Cameron
v. 0.4 2015-12-27

Files included:
SportsMood.html (stand alone single-page application).
Description/Release Notes (this file).

Release 0.6 3/13/2016 - Minor streamlining of the mobile menu operation.  Still needs a better method for settings input on phone (and maybe tablet) - see Bugs.

Release 0.5 - Full overhaul for mobile.

Specifics for release 0.4: Overhaul for mobile width.  The app looks
fine in a Chrome window narrowed as far as it will go, but still looks
terrible once uploaded and viewed on an iPhone or Android phone.  This
release is thus just a checkpoint before a second responsive overhaul,
this time basically a mobile-first rewrite/rearrangement of the CSS.

Description:

SportsMood.html is a one-file demo based on a rather silly idea: if you
could rate the MLB teams as to how much you like or dislike them, then
could you automatically discover, for any given day on the MLB schedule,
how happy or sad you should be based on the day's results and your
ratings?  This little app does just that.

SportsMood.html is a self-contained 1-file web application, client-side only.

Please note:

0. An HTML5-compliant browser is required.

1. An active Internet connection is required, trivially to get images
from Imgur, and more importantly to get jQuery from GoogleAPIs.

1a. The app will not function using Internet Explorer because, for that
browser, sessionStorage is not available if the app is accessed by
simply opening its file.  My understanding is that if the file is
accessed using HTTP over a network, then sessionStorage is available.

2. Persistence of Settings is on a window/tab basis via the HTML4
sessionStorage facility.  Once a view of the app (i.e., a tab or browser
window) is closed, there should be no related storage items remaining in
the browser application's persistent data area(s). 

3. This very limited demo only has data for two days of the 2015 MLB
schedule, a Sunday (when all teams were active), and a Monday.  For a
"real" app, one would likely acquire game results data by subscribing to
a sports data service.  ESPN has one, for example.  These days I would
expect most of them to provide RESTful services.

4. Images are used without permission, thus no commercial use of this
application is allowed.

Bugs, in order (roughly) of most serious to least ...

- in Settings, entering a leading plus sign for any numeric input
  results in a zero value being received by JavaScript/jQuery.

- the browser's back button doesn't navigate back to previous views in
  the site.  This is a known issue for Single Page Applications.  There
  is a JavaScript pushstate()/popstate() mechanism which can be used to
  simulate the familiar accessing of immediate history in standard
  multi-page websites.

- If the user (a) enters team ratings on the Settings view and submits
  them, and (b) then goes  back to Settings and updates and/or enters
  new ones, then (c) if they immediately click Get My Mood without first
  submitting the new settings, those updates to settings are lost.
  Fixing this is going to require a more sophisticated event handler for
  clicking Get My Mood.  I think the <nav> has the only pseudo-link to
  mood() that is relevant to this bug.

To Do list:

a. Settings inputs, and the Settings screen in general, could use more
styling.  Also true for the date input on the Mood screen.

b. The Help screen should use custom numeric list-style rather than
having the list numbers be part of the item string.  That way the item
content can be more nicely aligned. 

c. Investigate whether session storage and the 30 numeric inputs in
settings can be accessed as an array with iteration, instead of needing
a separate line or lines of code for each element.  Is it possible to
get all the numeric inputs from the Settings screen in one call to
val(?), returning an array?  Is it possible to iterate over the items in
local storage rather than accessing each item by property name?

----
